docs: Adding CDK example (#1321)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java: examples/powertools-examples-core/sam/README.md

#  Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Core Utilities Example with SAM

This project demonstrates the Lambda for Powertools Java module deployed using [Serverless Application Model](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/sam/).

> For general information on project structure similar to all tools, you can refer to the parent [README](../README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general information on the deployed example itself, you can refer to the parent [README](../README.md)
```
